people are crazy there is no consider the possibility of being
free [Music]
when consulting [Music]
[Music] that is
where the birth thief does not believe in this your fingers a thousand to the ganitas
Welcome
once [Music]
is a genius we believe well we can become a fortune and if we are when the
hot life, that's why you have to care
[Music]
the world of thieves and screaming artists
It seems evil in the world to think that at some point I was owed thanks to a son
of [ __ ] lies I do not know what to do to get the
street dogs do not have to think
forgive me the good ones because nobody's death
[Music]
he does not have to be shot and corresponds to his destiny
something is not going to look for it
[Music]